to this tour about princess case the
private island of princess cruises yes and
how to reach the island with the
tender offers in this case I was yes
on the road with the crown princess and on
board were previously tender tickets
distributed so that you are then called
was in groups when you go ashore
It could take a few minutes entirely
Of course, it's not as fast as it gets
yes and then you have a whole day there
you are there on the island
can spend where you relax
Can where you can lie on the beach so
really a very nice story and
yes already sent the island in advance
I really liked that
15.30 important during our
Travel was the last tender board
Back when you do not do it with anyone
To save costs 9 dollars a day
the easy
otherwise you can do a lot of this
catamaran 55 dollars an hour
and you have already there, of course
a wonderful look at the
crown princess so nice as I said
I really liked the designed island
told about norwegian cruise line 29
dollars at half past 19 dollars and
half an hour and for the pedal boats
also 29 dollars 4 30 minutes so completely
cheap it is in the end but not that
is not to be expected, I mean
Of course, the shipping company also wants to
if they happen on the
But you have already seen the beach
it does not cost anything nice these rafts
five dollars a day
then this clam 29 dollars a day that
I think back up relatively yes I have
just for sunscreen but you
Look, the paradise looks wonderful
So the day without it was really
So very nice
Nevertheless, they wanted to be there now
heaven sees but that was really a
very fantastic beach day yes that is
a viewpoint there you can on it
climb and have one from the top one completely
good look
you have this collection of houses
on the left just what is that there
There are two lines of food there
So to speak for the buffet you have to
to adjust
yes, that looks a bit like canteens
moderate but the food is natural
as you would from the ship
It is usual for us to do everything in the morning
There brought to the island
of course, there is also a johann barth
beer is a musical one
little entertained if you want that
because it lacks possible so nothing this
You can rent a house air-conditioned
199 dollars a day for up to four
people
yes , that would be good then yes
There are still very exclusive bungalows
the cost is $ 249 and they are
exclusive that you do not really
can see
so I do not want that either
gone through but you also see the
island also has a bit quieter
Yes, what more do you want?
perfect beach day give with princess
cruises on princess case yes and then
It's the end of the day in the afternoon
also back again